# AI Chat Bot

This is an AI-powered chat bot application built using Python and Streamlit. It leverages the power of natural language processing and machine learning to provide intelligent and interactive conversations.

## Features

- Engaging and interactive chat interface
- Intelligent responses generated by the AI model
- Supports multiple users simultaneously
- Easy to use and deploy

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:Jaman-dedy/chat_bot_ai.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd chat-ai
   ```

3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. Run the Streamlit application:
   ```
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

2. Open the provided URL in your web browser.

3. Start chatting with the AI chat bot!

## Deployment

The AI Chat Bot is deployed and accessible via the following URL:
https://jaman-dedy-chat-bot-ai-app-develop-cdnlze.streamlit.app/

You can visit the URL to interact with the chat bot directly without running it locally.

## Technologies Used

- Python
- Streamlit
- Natural Language Processing (NLP)
- Machine Learning

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas, suggestions, or bug reports, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add your feature'`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature`.
5. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

If you have any questions or inquiries, please contact:

- Name: Jean de Dieu Amani
- Email: jeandedieuam@gmail.com
- GitHub: [jaman-dedy](https://github.com/jaman-dedy)

Feel free to reach out for any further information or assistance!